---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: projects

meta:
  keywords: "High Performance Computing, Research"

project:
  title: "Managing HPC Resources"
  type: "Data Management &amp; Process Improvement"
  url: ""
  logo: "/assets/images/projects/hpc/hpc_thumbnail.png"
  tech: "Business Analysis, Requirements Gathering, Solution Design, Implementation, REDCap"
  year: "2021"


images:
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/hpc/hpc_main.jpg"
    alt: "HPC"
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/hpc/hpc_2.jpg"
    alt: "HPC 2"
  
 
  
---
<p>The University of Wollongong (UOW) offers partner share access to Gadi, Australia's fastest supercomputer, as part of the National Computational Infrastructure Collaboration Agreement. It serves as UOW's high performance computational cluster.</p>

<p>I was responsible for managing and allocating high performance computing resources (i.e. compute time) to scientific researchers as part of this partner share agreement. The challenge at the time was that all compute time requests were not centralised, which made managing requests and reporting on compute time usage difficult. Users were also having trouble with the method of submitting requests. I identified the need for a more robust data collection method that is centralised at one location to improve the efficiency of the administrative tasks associated with this process.</p>

<p>I developed a data management solution in REDCap, a web-based information capture application, which ensured that compute time requests were collected and assigned to the correct requester. Implementing this new solution meant I could efficiently track how much compute time was allocated to each researcher/research group and their utilisation for the quarter, which I would then report back to the steering committee.</p> 

<p>Implementing this solution lead to an overall improvement of the management process, improving the efficiency by reducing the time spent managing HPC resources by 29%. End users also provided anecdotal feedback that the overall process for applying for compute time was much easier. Since then, compute time resource management became much easier with minimal errors made.</p> 

<p><em>Images by Taylor Vick and Alexandre Debiève, sourced from <a href="https://unsplash.com/" target="_blank">Unsplash</a>.</em></p>